Yeah, your reports. There are some things you can't command, but that's
how you should be with the people in charge. So how should your relationship
with your reporting that that is because day in, day out,
you're going to see that? You see that 40 quarters, you're gonna see
a meal hours in the wardroom. You can see it at the colors that this
same standing watch general quarters. So you have to have a professional
yourself. It has to be a professional relationship we've been
relationship with. But you can come in and say so my need to talk
to you. I have a situation that I have not experienced. And I get so
cross you want to be able, you'll know that you have a good relationship
with your reporting seen here. When it gets to that time, were
you understand? You can knock on the door and ask a question. You don't
wanna be going in there all the time and wasting time. No senior
officers gonna say you're wasting time. They want you to be self reliant
yourself for lying to the point where you could finally go knock
on the door, Say, have you experienced this? I'm just trying. Just
watch your advice to look at that